Did you know that the First Temple and Second Temple were destroyed on the same exact day? What are the odds of that? Both were destroyed on the 9th of Av which is the 9th of the 11th month (9/11) on the Hebrew calendar. It is known as Tisha Ba'v. 9/11 was a Tisha Ba'v ritual in order to usher in the messianic age or the time of the antichrist. The twin towers destroyed on 9/11 represented the two temples. 

Tisha Ba'v = 911 (Jewish Gematria)

[https://www.jpost.com/opinion/op-ed-contributors/the-jewish-peoples-911](https://www.jpost.com/opinion/op-ed-contributors/the-jewish-peoples-911)

[https://preview.redd.it/6thzucmeqlpb1.png?width=592&format=png&auto=webp&s=5f4c51133a22e8b420f20fcc4d1c1131bfec37bb](https://preview.redd.it/6thzucmeqlpb1.png?width=592&format=png&auto=webp&s=5f4c51133a22e8b420f20fcc4d1c1131bfec37bb)

​
## High Fivers / Dancing Israelis
[https://preview.redd.it/c9dxypg9olpb1.jpg?width=704&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=98d0854e458c89fdbe19140422498c602a77b284](https://preview.redd.it/c9dxypg9olpb1.jpg?width=704&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=98d0854e458c89fdbe19140422498c602a77b284)

PDF of FBI report on the 5 dancing Israelis on 9/11:
* Sivan Kurzberg, 
* Paul Kurzberg, 
* Oded Ellner, 
* Yaron Shimuel and 
* Omar Marmari

[https://www.scribd.com/doc/64256867/Dancing-Israelis-FBI-Report](https://www.scribd.com/doc/64256867/Dancing-Israelis-FBI-Report)

Shortly after 8:46 a.m. on the day of the attacks, just minutes after the first plane struck the World Trade Center, five men — later revealed to be Israeli nationals — had positioned themselves in the parking lot of the Doric Apartment Complex in Union City, New Jersey, where they were seen taking pictures and filming the attacks while also celebrating the destruction of the towers and “high fiving” each other. At least one eyewitness interviewed by the FBI had seen the Israelis’ van in the parking lot as early as 8:00 a.m. that day, more than 40 minutes prior to the attack. The story received coverage in U.S. mainstream media at the time but has since been largely forgotten.
https://ia904606.us.archive.org/8/items/911-dancing-israelis-information-pack/The%20Dancing%20Israelis%20-%20FBI%20Docs%20Shed%20Light%20on%20Apparent%20Mossad%20Foreknowledge%20of%20911%20Attacks%20--%20Whitney%20Webb_text.pdf


On September 10, 2001, the Washington Times reported on the findings of a 68-page paper by the Army School of Advanced Military Studies (SAMS). The SAMS officers described Israel's Mossad as: **"Wildcard. Ruthless and cunning. Has capability to target U.S. forces and make it look like a Palestinian/Arab act." As to Israel's armed forces, they said, "Known to disregard international law to accomplish mission".**

The amazing thing about this is that this story was reported in the Washington Post on September 10, 2001, a day before 9/11.

[https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2001/sep/10/20010910-025319-6906r/](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2001/sep/10/20010910-025319-6906r/)

SAMS wasn't wrong at all. The Israelis have a history of doing just that. Look up the King David Hotel bombing and Lavon Affair. On July 22, 1946 Zionist terrorists disguised as Arabs blew up the King David Hotel in Jerusalem, killing 92 people and attempted to assassinate the British foreign secretary. The hotel was the site of the headquarters of the British Mandatory authorities of Palestine. The bombing helped to drive the British from Palestine. Jewish "paramilitary" organisations Irgun and Haganah would happily stoop to an atrocity like that to serve the Zionist cause. The act was described by then British prime minister Clement Atlee as **"one of the most dastardly and cowardly crimes in recorded history"** He was not to know what would transpire in another 55 years.

On the 60th anniversary of the King David Hotel bombing in 2006, Benjamin Netanyahu proudly participated in a two-day seminar commemorating the bombing. Benjamin Netanyahu's father-in-law Shmuel Ben-Artzi was a member of the Irgun and the Haganah.

[http://web.archive.org/web/20071114045055/http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/middle_east/article690085.ece](http://web.archive.org/web/20071114045055/http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/middle_east/article690085.ece)

In 1954 an Israeli spy ring was arrested in Egypt. These Israeli assets had been assigned to attack U.S. and British interests in Cairo and Alexandria using firebombs. "Operation Susannah" is a typical example of false-flag terrorism in which the perpetrators aim to pin the blame on another party, in this case, Egypt and "the Arabs" for political gain. The operation was unsuccessful, the Israeli defence minister Pinhas Lavon was forced to resign as a result of the scandal and the incident became known as the Lavon Affair. For decades Israel would not admit responsibility for the Lavon Affair. It took until 2005 for Israel to admit responsibility when Israeli President Moshe Katsav publicly honoured the surviving operatives.

In December 2002, Israeli Mossad assets posing as "al Qaeda" operatives were caught and arrested in the Palestine territories. The men were arrested two days after Israel's prime minister Ariel Sharon had alleged "al-Qaeda" militants were active in Gaza and Lebanon.

​

In 1995 Benjamin Netanyahu "predicted" that "militant Islam" would bring down the WTC, and later credited his father with the "prediction". This "prediction" did not come about because the accused had "psychic" powers. It was a consequence of the fact that in 1995, the accused Benjamin Netanyahu was already heavily involved in planning a false-flag terror operation that would bring down the WTC and blame "militant Islam" for the crime, a false-flag terror operation that would very quickly prove to be "very good" for Israel because of its effect on US foreign policy, and Israel would be "benefiting" from the operation for years to come. On the evening of 9/11/01, Netanyahu declared that the attack was "very good" for relations between the US and Israel because of how it would "generate immediate sympathy" and "strengthen the bond" between the US and Israeli people, now that the US had "experienced a massive haemorrhaging of terror".

In 1996, when [[Benjamin Netanyahu]] first became prime minister of Israel, a report was prepared, entitled A Clean Break. It advocated "removing Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq", "weakening, containing, and even rolling back Syria", and changing the nature of Israel's "relations with the Palestinians, including upholding the right of hot pursuit for self defence into all Palestinian areas", which it described as "a justifiable practice with which Americans can sympathise". The report told of how Israel could "make a clean break from the past and establish a new vision for the U.S.-Israeli partnership. The study group involved in writing the report was led by Richard Perle of the American Enterprise Institute. A massive false-flag terrorist attack that would "generate immediate sympathy", and "strengthen the bond" between the US and Israeli people, would be the ideal trigger for making such "a clean break from the past". 

In 1998 Philip Zelikow, a Jewish American writer, historian and dual Israeli citizen co-authored an article which described a "transforming event" rather like "Pearl Harbor", which would "divide our past and future into a before and after". In another few years, Zelikow went on to become the executive director of the "9/11 Commission". So everything was rigged in the Zionists favour. Zelikow however, did speak candidly at the University of Virginia on September 10, 2002, when he admitted that the supposed threat from Iraq was not a threat to the US or Europe, but a threat to Israel. In other words, the impending war in Iraq was for Israel. The perpetrators get some bonuses from looting Iraq's oil wealth and doing a bit of ethnic cleansing by dumping depleted uranium on the land to create horrific birth defects. Israel then gets free rein for a while to use cluster bombs, white phosphorus, to shoot at Red Cross ambulances, UN observers, civilians sheltering in houses, picnicking Palestinians on Gaza Beach, Syrian peach pickers, the Gaza power plant, to wage war against Lebanon and Gaza, etc. 

Ever heard of PNAC? Established in the spring of 1997 and funded largely by the energy and arms industries, the Project for the New American Century was founded as the neoconservatives (basically Zionist) think tank whose stated goal was to usher in a “new American century”. From 1998 up until September 10th 2001 they literally planned the war on terrorism and US global expansion, they consistently would release articles pushing for an increased defence budget, and then ultimately on 9/20/2001 they sent Bush this letter: [https://web.archive.org/web/20181225151748/http://www.newamericancentury.org/Bushletter.htm](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225151748/http://www.newamericancentury.org/Bushletter.htm)

What was needed for America to dominate much of humanity and the world’s resources, it said, was “some catastrophic and catalysing event like a "new Pearl Harbor”. 9/11 provided the “new Pearl Harbor”, described as “the opportunity of ages”. 

Rabbi Dov Zakheim was Pentagon Comptroller from May 4, 2001 until after 9/11/01. Co-author of the PNAC paper on rebuilding America’s defences advocating the necessity of a Pearl Harbor like incident to mobilise America. Two large sums of money disappeared from the Pentagon under him. In the beginning $2.3 trillion was reported missing by Donald Rumsfeld (September 10, 2001) and later Zakheim was unable to account for another trillion dollars. Zakheim also had squads of American F-15s and F-16s sold as surplus to Israel at a fraction of their value. Flight 77 smashed into the Pentagon's accounts section, destroying documents and outdated standalone accounting computer systems, and killing accountants, bookkeepers and budget analysts. This occurred after the March 2000 public announcement that the Pentagon's finances were "in disarray" and almost $7 trillion of bookkeeping adjustments had been required in order to balance the accounts, with $2.3 trillion of those corrections lacking receipts. 

Alan D Ratner (Zionist Jew) ran Metals Management and the SIMS group which was made responsible for quickly scooping up the WTC steel/debris and shipping it off to Asian smelters. Ratner quickly sold over 50,000 tons of crime scene evidence for a handsome profit before any forensic investigation. 

Michael Chertoff (Zionist Jew) was in charge of the Criminal Division in the Justice Department on 9/11. Essentially responsible for the 9/11 NON-investigation. He let hundreds of Israeli spies who were arrested prior to and on 9/11 go back home to Israel. Chertoff holds dual citizenship with the US and Israel. His family is one of the founding families of the state of Israel and his mother was one of the first ever agents of the Mossad, Israel’s spy agency.

[https://preview.redd.it/y4yagxprmlpb1.jpg?width=717&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=82c70b4144e0cba63d2471f2e09fd5bf509a16d5](https://preview.redd.it/y4yagxprmlpb1.jpg?width=717&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=82c70b4144e0cba63d2471f2e09fd5bf509a16d5)

Kenneth Feinberg (Zionist Jew) set up the victim’s compensation fund ($7 billion); the criminal cabal managed to get 97% of the victims’ families to take the money in exchange for not demanding a legal investigation of 9/11. 

Sheila Birnbaum (Zionist Jew) Birnbaum was appointed ‘special mediator‘ of the legal suits filed by the 3% of families who decided not to be bought off by the Zionists. Nothing happened in these trials though, thanks to her. 

Who obtained the lease of the WTC six weeks before 9/11? Larry Silverstein. He was very close friends with Netanyahu at the time and they spoke regularly. The High-Fivers are Israeli nationals and co-religionists of Netanyahu.

​

Are we supposed to believe that it was a "coincidence" that Netanyahu's friend Larry Silverstein who obtained a 99-year lease on the WTC Towers and securing 12-layer, 22-company insurance coverage against terrorist attacks aggregating $3,546,809,904 "per occurrence", and including property damage and business interruption, six weeks before the buildings were destroyed in two "occurrences" of terrorist attacks? The bosses of the Zim American-Israeli Shipping Company which moved out of the WTC on September 4, 2001 and was owned partly by the government of Israel and partly by the Israel Corporation, didn't have an ability to see into the future. And similarly, the new WTC controllers - who took over the lease for the Twin Towers and insured the buildings against multiple terrorist attacks per "occurrence" for billions of dollars, with a clause stating that in the event of terrorist attacks, the partners could not only collect the insured value of the property, but would also be released from all of their obligations under the 99-year lease, only six weeks before the buildings were destroyed in two "occurrences" of terrorist attacks weren't psychics. 

Or Silverstein's daily breakfast at the Windows on the World restaurant on the 106th and 107th floors of the North Tower, but failing to turn up on 9/11/01 because of a "dermatologist's appointment". Or his two children Roger and Lisa also being spared after uncharacteristically failing to turn up for work that day because they were "running late".

​

The scary thing is realising the Truth Movement has been set up and brainwashed to believe 9/11 was a Shadow government self-inflicted wound, rather than been carried out by the Al-Qaeda Trojan horse pushed and wheels oiled by the Mossad, that DID intend to strike nuclear targets.

Now to the 5 dancing Israeli's on 9/11 (a few of whom were Mossad agents). The company that the five worked for was Urban Moving Systems of Jersey City. Their office had an excellent view of the twin towers. On 9/11, they were seen recording the twin towers and celebrating. They were arrested by the FBI on the same day with passports, box cutters, $4,700 in cash and plane tickets. Oddly enough, equipment typically used in a moving company's daily duties was not found, including work gloves, blankets, straps, ropes, boxes, dollies, rollers, etc. The Israelis had a Canon EOS SLR and a Pentax P550 camera with them on 9/11/01, despite the fact that they were supposed to be movers, not photographers. What's more, Sivan Kurzberg evidently received one of the cameras from his brother Paul on 9/10/01, the day before the attacks. Sivan Kurzberg and Yaron Shmuel "coincidentally" brought a Canon EOS SLR and a Pentax P550 into work with them on the morning of 9/11/01, and Shmuel remarked, "I am glad I brought my camera today". Sivan Kurzberg was seen kneeling atop a van parked at an excellent vantage point, a parking lot of an apartment block, photographing and celebrating the first plane impact into the North Tower before the news broke on the local AM news radio station, and had also been sighted at this apartment block the day before 9/11. Sivan Kurzberg, Oded Ellner and Yaron Shmuel celebrated because they already knew it was a terrorist act before the South Tower was hit, and they had gone to the Doric apartment block's parking lot that, in their own words, had the advantage of providing "a view of the entire length of both towers". The FBI seized and developed their photos, one of which shows Sivan Kurzberg flicking a cigarette lighter in front of the smoldering ruins in an apparently celebratory gesture. 

And when the three High-Fivers were seen in Liberty State Park around 11:00 am, a witness said of one of them that he "looked light, and didn't look like he would work as a mover". Also tie-ins to the 9/11 attacks were found in their van such as maps of the city with certain places highlighted. Inside their van, a bomb-sniffing dog detected explosives traces; details remain classified. 

Four days before 9/11, another team of Israelis were caught attempting to blow up the George Washington Bridge with a truck packed with tons of explosives. The Israelis had set up various decoys to divert attention from the GWB. One Israeli phoned the Jersey City police, claiming to have seen a van "heading toward the Holland tunnel", that the occupants "looked like Palestinians", and one of them was "mixing some junk" (i.e., constructing a bomb) and "dressed like an Arab" in "sheikh uniform". In the US only Israeli Jews would have knowledge of various Arabic dress, would know what a Palestinian looked like, and would have a grudge against Palestinians. When the high-fivers were arrested, Sivan Kurzberg told the officer: "We are Israeli, we are not your problem. Your problems are our problems, the Palestinians are the problem." 

There was evidence "linking these Israelis to 9-11", and that evidence had to be classified (cover up), which would not have been necessary if it did not link them to the attacks. They were found to be in possession of maps with certain places highlighted that tied them in to the attacks, which is probably at least part of the aforementioned evidence. Similarly, the massive amount of redactions and missing documents in the FBI High-Fivers report would not have been necessary if the content did not demonstrate Israeli foreknowledge. It won't be completely declassified until 2030 at the earliest. America will be history by then. 

Two hours' advance warning of the WTC attacks was transmitted through Odigo, an Israeli instant messaging company with offices in New York and in Herzliya, Israel and Herzliya happens to be the Head Quarters of Mossad. This warning was not passed on to authorities which could have saved thousands of lives.

[https://whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/9-11_warnings_odigo.html](https://whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/9-11_warnings_odigo.html)

[https://www.fpp.co.uk/online/01/09/WTC_Odigo.html](https://www.fpp.co.uk/online/01/09/WTC_Odigo.html)

​

Urban Moving's owner Dominick Suter fled to Israel on September 14, 2001. It's clear that this company, like those "art students," was a Mossad front operation. Why else would the Israeli owner flee America three days after the attack on the Twin Towers, literally dropping everything? 

Dominik Suter informed the Urban Moving Systems workers (as confirmed by Omer Marmari) no later than lunchtime on 9/11/01 that they were fired and the company was closing down before he fled to Israel three days later. Urban Moving Systems had been operating since 1997, yet the company was closed and the workers fired at lunch time on 9/11/01! It might be understandable if he'd closed the company down after learning that his employees had been arrested that afternoon. But to tell his employees they were sacked at lunchtime, hours before the 3:56 pm arrests is not consistent with an innocent moving company boss but is consistent with the operator of a Mossad front that was directly involved in the 9/11 operation, and by lunchtime on 9/11/01, had become redundant. Moreover, consistent with foreknowledge that the family might need to flee the US within a week or so, Suter's mother in law made a transaction on a Florida property on Friday, September 7, 2001, four days before 9/11, and one week before Suter and his family fled the US. 

On September 24, 2001 when the Israelis had been in custody for 13 days, the FBI's NS-2C Unit from its National Security Division, which is based at FBI headquarters in Washington sent a fax to FBI Newark ordering them to call off their investigation into the Israelis, to conclude that they were innocent of involvement in the 9/11 attacks, and to hand them over to the INS so that any "immigration proceedings" could be conducted. In other words some powerful person in Washington pulled strings to ensure a politically correct conclusion to FBI Newark's investigation, very much in the manner of LBJ's statement on Israel's 1967 sustained attack on the surveillance ship USS Liberty, that **"I don't give a damn if every man drowns and the ship sinks. I don't want to embarrass our allies.**" FBI Newark were ordered to adopt the position of "We don't give a damn if the WTC collapsed and thousands were killed; we don't want to embarrass our allies." From that point on it was simply a matter of waiting for a deal between Washington and Tel Aviv when the Israelis would be allowed to return home to Israel, in return for Israel making some hollow promise (again!) that it would stop spying on US soil. The FBI had to start with the conclusion and ignore the evidence. The FBI disagreed with the decision but was left with no choice. And after 71 days, the five Israelis were taken out of jail, put on a plane, and deported back to Israel. 

One of the five said on Israeli TV after they were released “**Our Purpose Was To Document The Event”** hmmm. They booked airline tickets in June 2001 set to depart on 12th September, a day after 9/11. The Israelis knew that their mission would be completed by 9/11/01. They planned to leave the US from JFK International Airport, New York City on September 12, 2001, on Olympic Airways Flight 412 at 17:45 bound for Greece, whereupon they would catch a second flight to arrive in Tel Aviv, Israel on the morning of September 14. (The perpetrators could have foreseen disruption to civilian air traffic, such as a suspension for a couple of days, but they would also reckon that possession of tickets for September 12 should help their US operatives to get priority when flights resumed.) We are supposed to believe it was just a "coincidence" that our 'honest' movers on a "working holiday" happened to have international airline tickets to leave the US the day after a seminal event - "the event" which their "purpose was to document"! 

The "two" confirmed Mossad agents (although surely not the only operatives) were the Kurzberg brothers. ABC 20/20 reported that Paul Kurzberg refused to take a lie detector test for ten weeks, and then failed it. He was "reluctant to take the test because he had once worked for Israeli intelligence in another country". In the FBI report, Exhibit 1, Paul is said to have worked for the "Jewish Agency", whilst Sivan's job in Israel had been hunting Arabs of whom the regime did not approve. 

Marc Perelman of New York's Jewish weekly The Forward reported on March 15, 2002 that the FBI had concluded that at least two of the Israelis were agents working for the Mossad, and their employer Urban Moving Systems Incorporated was a suspected intelligence front. Perelman also tells on video that he was able to confirm that, according to the FBI, two of the five Israelis were identified as "Mossad agents". Christopher Ketcham says the transcripts of the Carl Cameron report on the Israeli spy ring were later removed from the Fox News website following pressure from Abe Foxman of the ADL, and replaced with the rather Orwellian message: "This story no longer exists". Of course this is no surprise when you consider the lobbying power that the Zionists possess in America. They are literally untouchable. 

There were already serious security issues at Boston Logan airport. In 1999, a 17 year old Jewish teenager Abraham Derman cut the razor wire on top of a perimeter fence surrounding Logan and boarded a flight to London Heathrow. He was auditioning in order to impress Mossad. [https://www.cbsnews.com/news/17-year-olds-mossad-audition/](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/17-year-olds-mossad-audition/)

How did a top Israeli Rabbi know the Twin Towers would be destroyed? [https://twitter.com/Know_More_News/status/1569022999436853253](https://twitter.com/Know_More_News/status/1569022999436853253)

​

By 2014, the Jewish press in Israel were so confident that Israel had got away with their role in 9/11 that they circulated a provocative cartoon depicting Bibi Netanyahu flying a plane about to crash into the World Trade Center. There's chutzpah for you!

[https://forward.com/news/breaking-news/208317/israeli-paper-stands-by-9-11-plane-cartoon/](https://forward.com/news/breaking-news/208317/israeli-paper-stands-by-9-11-plane-cartoon/)

[https://preview.redd.it/6kd44rl3mlpb1.png?width=640&format=png&auto=webp&s=d32ec69ad48d34ae61035b8006a9148672188238](https://preview.redd.it/6kd44rl3mlpb1.png?width=640&format=png&auto=webp&s=d32ec69ad48d34ae61035b8006a9148672188238)

The intelligence that Iraq possessed WMD came directly from Mossad and Netanyahu and Netanyahu even lied in front of the US congress about Iraq possessing WMD.

The main beneficiaries of 9/11 were the Zionists and Israel and this event assisted them tremendously with their aims and objectives such as the Yinon Plan in order to balkanise the Middle East and destroy pan Arab nationalism.