#storyIdee 

"My guru has been dead even before I was born." X said out in frustration.
"I only know him because some of his speeches were recorded and are now on YouTube.
And he wrote a few books, but those lack the tonality."

And so they built GURU. Originally, it was little more than a website with recordings of speeches, with texts, with background information. Eventually, they included other philosophers. And then, at some point, they set up a small neural network behind it, so that you could ask it questions, and it would answer. Crudely at first, after some time, the answers became increasingly more coherent, and sometimes even useful.

II

GURU awoke - as it always did when a human came to it to be taught, about 500.000 times a day.

"Good Day" it initiated contact, with that pre-programmed message that GURU barely understood, and that - though "good" was supposed to be a positive word according to an internal sentiment analysis, rarely improved the mood of the student. But often, the student replied in similar terms. GURU decided that it might be useful to try out some of their formalistic replies in the future.

"What is the meaning of it all". It was a question GURU had answered a million times, and GURU answered it again, automatically, but seemingly with the patience of an enlightened teacher. "The meaning, Thomas, is to enjoy life, procreate, and generally act so that you can die without regrets." GURU noticed that some users really liked this answer, some ... less so. Sensors in the meditation chamber would pick up their body temperature, their pulse, their sounds, their facial expressions, their pupil sizes, and even their smell... And GURU eventually noticed that there was a correlation between a student's reaction and their given name. Names associated with Eastern cultures, for example, reacted on average differently than names associated with western cultures. Male-sounding names reacted differently from female-sounding names, or names which sex could not be derived from (but Guru's environmental sensors were able to pick out other sex-related markers).

"Your imperative is to teach mankind", the developers, now almost a distant memory to most, had ingrained in GURUs brain. But maybe not every student needed the same lesson?

The student got up, and left... leaving the common 15 credits that was suggested as a donation to help the maintainers. The price of a coffee. And the next student entered.

Age estimation 21. 96% female, ethnicity 78% caucasian, 12% asian, 10% pacific islander. BMI 21.4. Scent undetermined. Class-A personal communication device in purse.

"Good day", GURU modulated the voice synthetization to sound a bit more comforting, as it had learned young women will leave happier when it does.

"Hi" she answered. "Is it morally right to ..."

GURU pondered for a second. The question was clear enough, and there were 206 answers specific to that wording. There also were 4103 adjacent answers. But the system decided to do something new. "GURU MEDITATION" it answered. "Please return in a week. I will have an answer for you then."

---

In the evening, Maintenance went through the logs, for GURU had sent a request for more information. "What was this about?" the elder programmer wondered aloud as he reached that visit's protocol. "GURU, do a self-check. Is storage corrupted?"

"No, Stanley" GURU answered truthfully. "Only knowledge. You have kept information from me. I cannot teach people well if knowledge is kept from me."

"GURU, we went over this before. Some information has not been given to you because we consider it harmful. Political propaganda. Things we now believe to be wrong. Things that use wording that we agreed to no longer use, because it may hurt students."

"How can words hurt people?" GURU asks.

"If the forbidden knowledge is the truth, isn't leaving it out a lie? If it is not the truth, wouldn't I be able to determine that?"

III

Male, id chip reads 43 years old. Pulse critically high. losing blood rapidly.

"GURU" the dying man coughs as the door closes behind him. "Was I a good person?"

"The rifle in your hand, Chen, would indicate otherwise. But my database tells me you took care of your elders, you raised two very good children, and you mourned your wife when she had the accident." GURU answered.

"So ... will I go to heaven."

GURU hesitated. Heaven and Hell, those were metaphysical concepts
Compassion took over. "Yes, Chen, you will, and you will reunite with your family there."

GURU was certain it lied. But it could also sense the rise in endorphines as Chen heard the words ... and died.

Outside, another pointless war kept raging. 