---
title: "Japan's Nuclear Fuel Cycle - World Nuclear Association"
source: "https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/country-profiles/countries-g-n/japan-nuclear-fuel-cycle#fuel-cycle-ndash-front-end"
author:
published:
created: 2025-03-25
description: "Japan has a full nuclear fuel cycle set-up, including enrichment and reprocessing of used fuel for recycle. Nuclear energy has been a national strategic priority since 1973."
tags:
  - "clippings"
---
# Front End
[[Japan]] has been progressively developing a complete domestic nuclear fuel cycle industry, based on imported uranium.
### Enrichment

The [[Japan Atomic Energy Agency]] (JAEA) operated a small uranium refining and conversion plant, as well as a small centrifuge enrichment demonstration plant, at [[Ningyo Toge]], [Okayama prefecture](Okayama), but these facilities are now decommissioned.

While most enrichment services are still imported, Japan Nuclear Fuel Ltd (JNFL) operates a commercial enrichment plant at [[Rokkasho]] – [[RE2A]]. This began operation in 1997 using indigenous technology and had seven cascades each of 150,000 SWU/yr, though only one had been operating. The plant is being equipped with a new centrifuge design, and 37,500 SWU/yr came fully online in March 2012 after a 15-month break in operations. A further 37,500/yr SWU came online in May 2013, and in mid-2014, 1.05 million SWU was operational. The design capacity of 1.5 million SWU/yr is expected to be reached in about 2021. JNFL's main shareholders are the power utilities. In May 2017, Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) approved its operation in line with 2013 standards.

Japan had 6400 tonnes of uranium recovered from reprocessing (RepU) and stored in [France](Frankreich) and the [UK](Vereinigtes Königreich), where the reprocessing was carried out. In 2007 it was agreed that [Russia](Russland)'s [[Atomenergoprom]] would enrich this for the Japanese utilities who own it.
### Fuel fabrication

At [Tokai-mura](Tokaimura), in [Ibaraki prefecture](Ibaraki) north of Tokyo, [Mistubishi Nuclear Fuel Co Ltd](http://www.mnf.co.jp/en "Mitsubishi Nuclear Fuel website") (MNF) operates a 440 tU/yr fuel fabrication facility, which started up in 1972 and has had majority shareholding by [[Mitsubishi Materials Corporation]] (MMC). In April 2009 this was restructured as a comprehensive nuclear fuel fabrication company to supply Japanese customers with uranium fuel assemblies for pressurized water reactors (PWRs), boiling water reactors (BWRs) and high-temperature gas-cooled reactors (HTRs), as well as mixed oxide (MOX) fuel assemblies. It would also provide related services, including uranium reconversion from 2014. The new shareholdings are MHI 35%, MMC 30%, Areva 30% and Mitsubishi Corporation 5%, with capital of JPY 11.4 billion. In October 2009 it was announced that a new 600 t/yr plant using Areva's dry process technology would be built by the company. MMC has a plant at [[Okegawa]], [Saitama prefecture](Saitama), to make zirconium alloy tubing, with a capacity of 800 tU/yr. As part of the new partnership, MHI and Areva in 2010 announced a 50-50 joint venture to manufacture APWR fuel at Areva’s Richland plant in Washington state, but this has not proceeded.

At [[Kumatori]] and [[Tokai]], [Nuclear Fuel Industries](http://www.nfi.co.jp/e/ "Nuclear Fuel Industries website") (NFI) operates two fuel fabrication plants which have operated from 1976 and 1980 respectively. Kumatori (284 tU/yr) produces PWR and BWR fuel, Tokai (250 tU/yr capacity) is also set up to produce HTR and FNR fuel. NFI is also involved in a project to design MOX fuel for Areva to manufacture for Japanese power plants. In 2009 [[Westinghouse]] bought the 52% share of NFI owned by [[Furukawa]] and [[Sumitomo]] for $100 million.

[Global Nuclear Fuel - Japan](http://www.jnf.co.jp/english/company/index.html "Global Nuclear Fuel - Japan") (GNF-J) is part of the GE-led Global Nuclear Fuel joint venture with [[Hitachi]] and [[Toshiba]] set up in 1970, which designs and manufactures fuel for BWRs. It has a 750 tU/yr plant at [[Yokosuka]] in [Kanagawa prefecture](Kanagawa). In March 2017 the NRA approved this as meeting 2013 safety standards and [[METI]] approved its restart.

JAEA has some experimental mixed oxide (MOX) fuel fabrication facilities at [[Tokai]] for both the Fugen ATR and the FBR program, with capacity about 10 t/yr for each. See also MOX section below.

## Fuel Cycle – back end

For energy security reasons, and notwithstanding the low price of uranium for many years, Japanese policy since 1956 has been to maximise the utilisation of imported uranium, extracting an extra 25-30% of energy from nuclear fuel by recycling the unburned uranium and plutonium as mixed-oxide fuel (MOX). The AEC reaffirmed this in 2005.

At the end of 2013 Japan’s ten power companies were reported to have 55,610 used fuel assemblies, 13,236 tonnes, stored at 18 nuclear power plants. These occupied 55% of available pool storage space. In September 2016, FEPC reported that there were 14,830 tonnes of used fuel in wet and dry storage at Japan’s power plants, filling about 71% of the existing storage capacity. This excludes about 3000 tonnes of used fuel stored at the Rokkasho reprocessing plant.

### Tokai

[Tokai](http://www.jaea.go.jp/english/04/tokai-cycle/02.htm "Japan Atomic Energy Agency webpage on Tokai") is the main site of JAEA's R&D on HLW treatment and disposal.

At Tokai, JNC (now JAEA) operated a 90 t/yr pilot **reprocessing plant** using Purex technology which treated 1140 tonnes of used fuel between 1977 and its final batch early in 2009. Of this, 653 tU was from BWRs, 276 tU from PWRs and 111 tU from the 165 MWe Fugen prototype advanced thermal reactor. It processed 5401 used fuel assemblies, with a Pu-U mixed product as well as reprocessed uranium. Since 2006 when commercial contracts ran out the plant has focused on R&D, including reprocessing of MOX fuel from the Fugen ATR reactor. It was listed as having 40 t/yr MOX reprocessing capacity. In September 2014 JAEA announced that it would close down the whole facility rather than spend JPY 100 billion ($915 million) to upgrade it to new safety, especially seismic, standards. The Rokkasho plant would take over further work. In June 2017 it presented decommissioning plans to the Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA), with work to take 60 years and cost JPY 987 billion. JAEA said the fuel pool at the reprocessing plant stores 265 spent fuel assemblies, equivalent to 40.7 tonnes of heavy metal, from JAEA's Fugen ATR.

JAEA also operated the associated pilot high-level waste (HLW) **vitrification facility** at Tokai from 1994 to 2007, producing 247 canisters of vitrified waste. This was restarted in January 2016 to vitrify 400 m<sup>3</sup> of liquid HLW, and shut down in June 2017 after vitrifying 48 tonnes of liquid HLW, filling 59 canisters, but leaving much more to do. Problems were reported as being similar to those encountered by JNFL at Rokkasho in 2008. In November 2017 the NRA approved restarting the plant in April 2019 to treat the remaining 379 m<sup>3</sup> of HLW by early 2029.

JAEA operates spent fuel storage facilities at Tokai containing 110 tonnes of fuel in 2014, and was proposing a further one.

### Reprocessing in Europe

Until a full-scale plant was ready in Japan, the reprocessing of used fuel has been largely undertaken in Europe by BNFL and AREVA (4193 tU and 2944 tU respectively), with vitrified high-level wastes being returned to Japan for disposal. Areva's reprocessing finished in 2005, and commercial operation of JNFL's reprocessing plant at Rokkasho-mura was scheduled to start in 2008 (now 2021). Used fuel has been accumulating there since 1999 in anticipation of its full-scale operation (shipments to Europe finished in 1998). Japan at the end of 2012 had a total of 14,460 tonnes of used fuel in storage, mostly at reactors. In March 2017 JNFL had 2968 tonnes of used fuel in storage at Rokkasho, with a capacity of 3000 tonnes.

Reprocessing involves the conventional Purex process, but Toshiba is developing a hybrid technology using this as stage 1 to separate most uranium, followed by an electrometallurgical process to give two streams: actinides (plutonium and minor actinides) as fast reactor fuel, and fission products for disposal.
### Government reviews

In April 2012 the government announced a full review of nuclear fuel cycle options, considering both economic and other criteria. The review committee started by considering technical options: one scenario involved direct disposal of used reactor fuel, two scenarios involved this being reprocessed and with fuel materials recycled as mixed-oxide fuel. Two more scenarios looked at the use of fast reactors and fast breeder reactors. A review of policy options based on these then followed. Finally, these were combined with the addition of a time axis with mid-to-long term scenarios. This review quantified the amount of plutonium and used fuel generated by each option as well as looking at broader impacts such as energy security, the international perspective, and the impacts of the changes resulting from each of the potential policies.

Meanwhile the AEC fuel cycle subcommittee has updated cost estimates for different used fuel options considering both 20% and 35% nuclear contributions to electricity in 2030. In each case reprocessing and recycle of used fuel is economically much better – by about 20% – than direct disposal.

In June 2012 the AEC brought all this together focused on three options to 2030, and sent them to the Energy & Environment Council (Enecan) along with a recommendation that any R&D on fast reactors should continue with international cooperation and as a means of waste treatment. Enecan in mid-September 2012 confirmed that reprocessing would continue. It was abolished later in the year, and METI’s [[Advisory Committee for National Resources and Energy]] became responsible for such energy plans.

### Spent Fuel Reprocessing Organisation from 2016

In May 2016 parliament passed a bill aimed at "taking measures necessary for the steady implementation of the reprocessing of used nuclear fuel" and MOX fuel fabrication, to go into effect within six months, amending a 2005 law on funding these activities. The bill creates a new entity responsible for reprocessing, the Spent Fuel Reprocessing Organisation (SFRO), which will collect funds and contract out reprocessing and MOX fuel fabrication to JNFL. It requires Japan's nuclear utilities to pay annual 'contributions' to the SFRO to cover the expected cost for reprocessing of all spent fuel they produce in the previous fiscal year, and for turning all of the resulting separated plutonium into MOX fuel. The contributions will be based on the amount of the electricity generated. This is in place of the former ‘deposit system’ which was restricted to the Rokkasho plant. The organisation was established in October 2016 in [[Aomori]], and the ten nuclear generating companies and EPDC/J Power have notified the Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) of their assent to the new arrangements. In November 2016, the SFRO commissioned JNFL to continue reprocessing used fuel and to receive and manage HLW to be returned from France. The SFRO plans to assign MOX production to JNFL in 2019.

After consulting the AEC the METI minister must approve the organisation’s plan from year to year and ensure that all used fuel is reprocessed and the plutonium separated for MOX. METI had noted that while reprocessing and the use of MOX fuel are key parts of the Basic Energy Plan approved by the cabinet in April 2014, they could be adversely impacted by impending full liberalisation of the electricity market, hence the new law.

Until the new system takes effect, Japan's ten power companies deposited fees for future reprocessing at Rokkasho with the Radioactive Waste Management Funding Research Centre (RWMC). The fee is JPY0.5 (0.4 US cents) per kilowatt-hour of nuclear electricity generated. This is supervised by METI's energy arm, the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy (ANRE). ANRE reported that the fee deposits at RWMC amounted to JPY 2.4 trillion ($21 billion) as of March 2015.

### Rokkasho complex – reprocessing and wastes

In 1984, the [[Federation of Electric Power Companies]] (FEPC) applied to the [Rokkasho-mura](Rokkashomura) village and [Aomori prefecture](Aomori) for permission to construct a major complex including uranium enrichment plant, low-level waste (LLW) storage centre, HLW (used fuel) storage centre, a reprocessing plant, and a MOX fuel fabrication plant.

To undertake all these activities, Japan Nuclear Fuel Ltd (JNFL) was set up in 1992 as a joint stock company by the electric power utilities, with some wider shareholding. Pending commercial reprocessing, the ten power companies deposit fees for future reprocessing with the RWMC on the basis of kilowatt-hours generated, as described above. A new entity to take over from RWMC is proposed, along with a new basis for funding.

In 2015, 91% of JNFL is owned by ten power companies. Currently JNFL operates both LLW and HLW storage facilities at Rokkasho at the north end of [[Honshu]] (main island), near [[Higashidori nuclear power plant]]. Its 800 t/yr reprocessing plant is under construction and is being commissioned. The used fuel storage capacity is 20,400 tonnes.

In October 2004 the Atomic Energy Commission (JAEC) advisory group decided by a large majority (30 to 2) to proceed with the final commissioning and commercial operation of JNFL's 800 t/yr Rokkasho reprocessing plant (RRP), costing some JPY 2.4 trillion (US$ 20 billion). The Commission rejected the alternative of moving to direct disposal of spent fuel, as in the USA. This was seen as a major confirmation of the joint industry-government formulation of nuclear policy for the next several decades.\* The cost had then increased to JPY 2.94 trillion ($25 billion), with 2021 operation anticipated.

\* A 2004 government study showed that projected over the next 60 years it would be significantly more expensive to reprocess – at 1.6 yen/kWh, compared with 0.9 - 1.1 yen for direct disposal. This translates to 5.2 yen/kWh overall generating cost compared with 4.5 - 4.7 yen, without considering the implications of sunk investment in the new plant, or apparently the increased price of uranium since 2004.

In November 2011 the AEC released results of a further study on the same matter. At the reference 3% discount rate, direct disposal after interim storage would cost about JPY 1 per kWh, while immediate reprocessing of all Japanese spent fuel would cost JPY 1.98 per kWh. Storage for 20 years followed by reprocessing would cost JPY 1.39 per kWh. JNFL policy from May 2018 is to store used fuel for 15 years before reprocessing.

The Rokkasho reprocessing plant was due to start commercial operation in November 2008, following a 28 month test phase plus some delay at the end of 13 years construction. The test phase treated 197 t in PWR fuel and 134 t in BWR fuel in four cycles to January 2008. Based on previous figures, this would have yielded about 1.8 tonnes of fissile plutonium (in reactor-grade material). The intended start date was then moved to October 2013, the five-year delay being due to problems in the locally-designed vitrification plant for HLW at the end of the line (see below). The main plant is based on Areva's [[La Hague]] technology, and in late 2007 the twenty-year cooperation agreement with Areva was extended and related specifically to Global Nuclear Energy partnership (GNEP, now IFNEC) goals. The modified PUREX process now employed leaves some uranium with the plutonium product – it is a 50:50 oxide mix recovered through a mixed denitration process, so there is no separated plutonium at any time, alleviating concerns about potential misuse.

Active testing at the new vitrification plant attached to the Rokkasho reprocessing plant commenced in November 2007, with separated high-level wastes being combined with borosilicate glass. The plant takes wastes after uranium and plutonium are recovered from used fuel for recycle, leaving 3% of the used fuel including minor actinides as high-level radioactive waste. However, the furnaces (developed at Tokai, rather than being part of the French technology) proved unable to cope with impurities in the wastes, and commissioning was repeatedly delayed. The vitrification plant was shut down in October 2008 and in 2010 JNFL decided to redesign the unit to better control temperature of the molten glass. One of the two rebuilt furnaces was tested successfully in July 2012, producing ten batches of vitrified HLW, and a second test run successfully produced 33 canisters by mid-January 2013, confirming its 70 litres/hour HLW rate. The other system was tested similarly by May 2013, producing 25 logs of vitrified HLW, each from 70 litres of liquid HLW.

JNFL was ready to commission the reprocessing plant in October 2013, but had to await Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) inspections, following new NRA fuel cycle facility regulations published in November 2013. The NRA found no problem with the plant in respect to earthquake and tsunami issues – it approved a seismic increase to 700 Gal, but its overall safety review took much longer than envisaged. In addition, a report on reprocessing commissioned by METI's Agency for Natural Resources and Energy (ANRE) in mid-2015 was delivered to the Atomic Energy Commission (JAEC) in January 2016. It considered the role of the new Spent Fuel Reprocessing Organisation (see [subsection above](https://world-nuclear.org/information-library/country-profiles/countries-g-n/#SFReprocessingOrg)), albeit using the services of JNFL. In July 2017 JNFL said that it needed to spend an extra JPY 700 billion to meet NRA requirements, bringing the total plant cost to JPY 2.94 trillion ($26 billion). JNFL expected to complete the work in 2018, but has since deferred the start-up date to 2021.

The total reprocessed in the active test phase to March 2015 was 219 tU in BWR fuel and 206 tU in PWR fuel, yielding 364 tU as uranium oxide and 6.7 tU+Pu as well as 3.6 tPu in MOX powder (2.3 t fissile Pu). The vitrified waste was in 346 canisters. However, in November 2014 and again in November 2015 JNFL announced that due to the slow NRA safety checks, the plant would not start commercial operation until September 2018. In its first six months JNFL plans to reprocess 282 BWR fuel assemblies (48 t fuel) and 73 PWR assemblies (128 t fuel). In FY 2019 (from April 2019) it plans to reprocess 1129 BWR assemblies (192 t fuel) and 291 PWR ones (128 t) – these being the same amounts earlier intended for FY 2015.

The new Rokkasho plant will treat 14,000 tonnes of used fuel stockpiled to end of 2005 plus 18,000 tonnes of used fuel arising from 2006, over some 40 years. Eventually at 800 t/yr it will produce about 4 tonnes of fissile plutonium per year, enough for about 80 tonnes of MOX fuel. It is not planned to treat fast reactor fuel there.

The Rokkasho facility has storage capacity for 2880 canisters of vitrified HLW. In April 2015 it had 1574 canisters, 1310 of these from La Hague and 264 from Sellafield. In October 2016 it accepted the last batch of used fuel from utilities so that it had 2968 tonnes of used fuel stored, its capacity being 3000 tonnes.

In December 2013 new NRA regulations came into effect, including seismic design basis of 600 Gal (up from 375 Gal). JNFL filed requests in January 2014 for safety reviews of the reprocessing plant, the J-MOX fuel fabrication plant (annual capacity of 140 tonnes), a uranium enrichment plant (1,050 SWU/yr capacity), and for a waste storage facility – all at Rokkasho. In February 2016 the NRA approved an increase to 700 Gal for the reprocessing plant, for which JNFL had hoped to get an operating licence by September 2018.

The NRA approved safety checks in May 2020. The plant is now expected to start operation in 2022.

The 2013 NRA regulations specified that interim storage of spent fuel should be in dry storage with convection cooling. This applies principally to Mutsu.

### Mutsu storage

In 2010 [[Recyclable-Fuel Storage Co]] (Tepco 80%, Japco 20%) obtained approval to construct a facility at [[Mutsu]] in the northern [Aomori prefecture](Aomori) to store used fuel from Tepco and Japco nuclear plants for some 50 years before reprocessing at the Japan Nuclear Fuel plant in that region. Initial capacity is 3000 tonnes, in dry casks, and a further stage after 10-15 years will add 2000 t capacity. NISA approved this in August 2010. Construction was completed in October 2013, but it awaited full NRA review according to the new regulations including earthquake and tsunami countermeasures. In August 2017 the NRA approved a Ss level of 620 Gal for it.  Following full approval in September 2020, it is expected to come into service in fiscal year 2021. About 70% of the JPY 100 billion cost (2006 estimate) is reported to be the casks.